API overview
📘
Jumpstart your Klaviyo API journey with our YouTube tutorials.
Dive into
Klaviyo's API tutorial playlist on YouTube
, where we provide walkthroughs of some of our most popular Klaviyo API endpoints.
Quickstart
New Klaviyo developers:
Check out our
Get started with Klaviyo
series to set up an account, obtain API credentials, and authenticate.
Current Klaviyo developers:
Install one of our
new SDKs
.
Make test calls with the
new API collection in our Postman workspace
.
To learn more, see below for an overview of the newly launched API features:
Go into detail on the
JSON API features
supported by our new API surface.
OpenAPI and Postman
View the latest OpenAPI spec here.
Import the spec into your favorite API tool, such as Postman, to start interacting with our new APIs right away.
You can also navigate to our
Postman Workspace
, where you will find our latest collection of requests, along with the API definitions. You can get started by checking out our
Postman collection guide
.
Authentication
Klaviyo provides 3 methods of authentication including private key authentication and OAuth (used to call server-side APIs) and public key authentication (used to call client-side APIs). Read below for a quick overview of each method.
Private key authentication
All
/api
endpoints use
private API keys
with API key scopes to authenticate requests. If you do not use an API key for your requests, or if you use a key from the wrong account, your call will return an error. A
400
error indicates an invalid or missing API key.
Private key authentication for
/api
endpoints is performed by setting the following request header:
Authorization: Klaviyo-API-Key your-private-api-key
OAuth
If you are a tech partner integrating with Klaviyo, we recommend using OAuth to authenticate your app. OAuth offers multiple benefits over a private key integration, including security, usability, and improved rate limits. Check out our
guide on setting up OAuth
.
Public key authentication
All
/client
endpoints are designed to only be called from publicly-browseable client-side environments and use public API keys to authorize and route requests. Your public API key is your 6-character company ID, also known as a site ID. We recommend using the
Klaviyo object
or our
mobile SDKs
for interacting with our client-side APIs.
Public API keys are passed to
/client
endpoints using a query parameter:
curl --request POST \
--url 'https://a.klaviyo.com/client/events/?company_id=COMPANY_ID'
--header 'Content-Type: application/json'
--data '{DATA}'
📘
Client endpoints are specifically designed to limit functionality to object creation of specific types of objects and do not respond with any potentially sensitive response data. For security reasons, this data must be accessed using private key endpoints only (i.e.,
/api
).
API key scopes
Klaviyo's APIs support the use of API scopes, which allow you to restrict access for third parties using a private API key. Adding a scope helps you protect your and your customers’ data by limiting what third parties can access.
You can add any of the following scopes to any new private API key in Klaviyo:
Read-only
Only allows third parties to view all data associated with the endpoint
Full
Allows third parties to create, delete, or make changes to anything associated with that endpoint (set by default)
Custom
Allows you to decide how much access to give the third party
Note that you cannot add a scope to an existing private key. You also cannot edit a private API key after it’s been created. If you need to remove access to a key based on its current scope, delete it and then create a new key with the correct scope.
For more information about the supported scopes for each endpoint and how to add a scope to an API key, please refer to the
Authenticate API requests
guide.
Versioning and deprecation
Check out our
API versioning and deprecation policy
to learn about how Klaviyo handles API versioning and support.
Status codes and errors
Every response will include an HTTP status code with more details on whether the request succeeded. Check out
our guide on status codes and errors
to learn more about status codes used by Klaviyo’s APIs and how to troubleshoot error responses.
Rate limiting
All new API endpoints are
rate limited
on a per-account basis, and use a fixed-window rate limiting algorithm with two distinct windows: burst (short) and steady (long). All API traffic will be subject to rate limits, and will receive
HTTP 429
errors in the event either a burst or steady rate limit is reached.
Each endpoint lists its burst and steady rate limits in our API reference documentation.
JSON:API feature guides
Relationships
Klaviyo’s modern APIs offer powerful functionality via the
relationships
object, a thorough set of syntax offered by JSON:API for modeling relationships between resources. This syntax allows developers to efficiently query specific groups of related resources, eliminating the need to perform redundant queries.
Check out our
guide on JSON:API relationships
for more information on how use, create, modify, and delete resource relationships.
Filtering
JSON:API’s general filtering syntax and its supported operations can be used across all new APIs. Please note that support for specific operators and fields is highly specific to each endpoint. You can refer to the
filter
query parameter in the API reference documentation for specific operator and field support.
View our JSON:API filtering guide
for a list of the filter operations and comparison literals.
The filtering syntax for Klaviyo’s new APIs uses the
?filter
query parameter for all endpoints that support filter operations.
Sorting
Where supported, sorting is handled using the
?sort
query parameter followed by a field name. Reverse sorting is specified using a
-
prefix.
Example
GET /api/events/?sort=datetime
sorts
events
by
datetime
ascending;
GET /api/events/?sort=-datetime
sorts by
datetime
descending.
For more examples, view our
JSON:API sorting guide
.
Sparse fieldsets
Several endpoints support
sparse fieldsets
to allow developers to select only requested fields of resources, rather than having to retrieve entire resources (which may be very large).
Sparse fieldsets are specified using the
?fields[TYPE]=field1,field2
query parameter, where
TYPE
is the resource type from which to select only
field1
and
field2
. This also works for included resource types, e.g.
?fields[INCLUDED-TYPE]=field1,field2
; however you also need to include that resource in your request, using the
include
query parameter for this to work.
Examples
:
GET /api/events?fields[event]=metric_id,profile_id
will retrieve only the
metric_id
and
profile_id
attributes for all events returned in the response.
GET /api/events?fields[profile]=first_name,email&include=profile
will retrieve all
event
fields and only the
first_name
and
email
attributes for included
profile
resource data.
To learn more about sparse fieldsets, see our
JSON:API sparse fieldsets guide
.
Pagination
Our APIs support
cursor-based pagination
with the query parameter
?page[cursor]
.
Paginated resource responses will contain a specific set of pagination cursor helper links in their top-level
links
object, like the following:
JSON
{
"data": [
...
],
"links" : {
"next" : "https://a.klaviyo.com/api/profiles/?page%5Bcursor%5D=bmV4dDo6aWQ6Ok43dW1iVw",
"prev" : null,
"self" : "https://a.klaviyo.com/api/profiles"
}
}
Use these links to navigate to next and previous pages.
Datetimes
Datetime formatting
All
datetimes
across all new APIs in URLs, request, and response bodies must be formatted as
ISO 8601 RFC 3339
datetime strings.
Example:
2023-01-16T23:20:50.52Z
Updated
3 months ago
Updated
3 months ago